# Multi-scale-analysis-and-clustering-of-stress-induced-co-expression-networks
Protocol for clustering analysis and integration of multiple dataset multi-scale organisation under a graph-theoretical paradigm (available soon).

The increasing capacity of high-throughput genomic technologies for generating time-course data has stimulated a rich debate on the most appropriate methods to highlight crucial aspects of data structure. In this work, we address the problem of sparse co-expression network representation of stress responses in Saccharomyces cerevisiae. Co-expression networks have been proven to simplify the cumbersome analysis of large datasets and provide a flexible alternative. We evaluate the information preserved under this graph-theoretical framework from both a structural and a flow-based perspective under different dissimilarity functions. Clustering analysis is also performed under state-of-the-art algorithms relying on the diffusion properties of stochastic processes on the constructed graphs. Relative performance with respect to the metric-free Bayesian clustering analysis is evaluated and possible extensions are discussed. In addition, we further cluster the stress-induced co-expression networks generated independently by using their community organization at multiple resolutions/scales. This type of protocol allows for integration of multiple datasets that may not be immediately comparable due to diverse experimental variations or that represent different types of information about the same genes.
